# 2.1 Identifiers

## Distinctions
From here-on-out, the following distinctions will be
made. The exact terminology will be explained shortly.
- A "named" identifier is any identifier that consists
  of letters, numbers, and/or underscores.
- An "operator" consists of one or more symbols.
- A "small" identifier is a named identifier that
  starts with a lower-case letter.
- A "big" identifier is a named identifier that starts
  with an upper-case letter.
- A "prefix" identifier is either a named identifier,
  or an operator that is surrounded by parentheses.
- An "infix" identifier is either an operator, or
  a prefix identifier surrounded by backticks (\`)

## Valid Identifiers

Identifiers can be described using ebnf as:
```
upper       = #"[A-Z]"
lower       = #"[a-z]"
letter      = upper | lower
id-char     = #"[A-Za-z0-9_]"
symbol      = #"[~!@#\$%^&\*-\+=\\\|:<>\.\?/]"

small-id    = lower, { id-char }
            | "_", id-char, { id-char }
big-id      = upper, { id-char }
operator    = symbol, { symbol }
```


## Calling Functions

The most common (and preffered) ways to call functions
is as follows:
- For named functions (e.g. `add`, `mul`, `sub`),
  simply put the function name followed by zero or
  more values.
  - ex. `add 1 2`, `mul 3 4`, or `sub 5 6`
- For operators (e.g. `+`, `*`, `-`), simply put the
  values on either side.
  - ex. `1 + 1`, `2 * 3`, or `5 - 8`

For special cases, you can do the following:
- To use a named function


## First-Class Citizens

Functions in Rose are known as "first-class citizens".
First-class citizens of a langauge can be passed to
other functions as parameters. This allows what are
known as "higher-order functions". A "higher-order
function" can take one or more functions as some
of its parameters, return a function, or do both.
In Rose, that would look something like this:
```Rose
-- Composes two unary functions.
-- `(f . g) x` = `f (g x)`
pure (.)<(b -> c) -> (a -> b) -> (a -> c)>
f . g = x => f (g x);
```
